README.md, before:

# WSUS Offline Update

Using [WSUS Offline Update](http://wsusoffline.net/), you can update any computer running Microsoft Windows and Office safely, quickly and without an Internet connection (image also available @ [docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline/)).   

<p align="center">
<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline"><img alt="Docker Pulls" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline.svg"/></a>
<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline"><img alt="Docker Stars" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline.svg"/></a>  
<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline"><img alt="Docker Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/build/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline.svg"/></a> 
<a href="https://github.com/R0GGER/docker-wsusoffline"><img alt="GitHub stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline.svg?style=social"></a>         
</p>  

-----------
### Auto update
WSUS Offline Update and wsusoffline will be updated on each container start or restart.     

### Usage
By default it runs every 2 days to download updates from Microsoft.     

```
docker create 
        --name=wsusoffline \
        -v [path to updates]:/client \
        -e SYSTEMS="w100-x64" \
        -e OFFICE="o2k16-x64" \
        -e LANGUAGE="enu" \
        -e PARAMS="-includesp -includecpp -includedotnet -includewddefs8" \
        -e ISO=no \
        -e SLEEP=48h \     
        r0gger/docker-wsusoffline
```
### Volumes 
`-v [path to updates]:/client` - Default update folder

### Environment Variables
**SLEEP:**  
`-e SLEEP=48h`    
Example: It runs every 48 hours ("m" for minutes, "h" for hours, or "d" for days).

**SYSTEMS:**  
`-e SYSTEMS="w100-x64"`   
Multiple updates can be joined to a comma-separated list like "w60,w100-x64".   
`w60` - Windows Server 2008, 32-bit  
`w60-x64` - Windows Server 2008, 64-bit  
`w61` - Windows 7, 32-bit  
`w61-x64` - Windows 7 / Server 2008 R2, 64-bit  
`w62-x64` - Windows Server 2012, 64-bit  
`w63` - Windows 8.1, 32-bit  
`w63-x64` - Windows 8.1 / Server 2012 R2, 64-bit  
`w100` - Windows 10, 32-bit  
`w100-x64` - Windows 10 / Server 2016, 64-bit   

`all-win` - All Windows updates, 32-bit and 64-bit   
`all-win-x86` - All Windows updates, 32-bit   
`all-win-x64` - All Windows updates, 64-bit   
`all` - All Windows and Office updates, 32-bit and 64-bit   
`all-x86` - All Windows and Office updates, 32-bit   
`all-x64` - All Windows and Office updates, 64-bit   

**OFFICE:**  
`-e OFFICE="o2k16-x64"`  
Multiple updates can be joined to a comma-separated list like "o2k16,o2k16-x64".   
`o2k7` - Office 2007, 32-bit  
`o2k10` - Office 2010, 32-bit  
`o2k10-x64` - Office 2010, 32-bit and 64-bit  
`o2k13` - Office 2013, 32-bit  
`o2k13-x64` - Office 2013, 32-bit and 64-bit  
`o2k16` - Office 2016, 32-bit  
`o2k16-x64` - Office 2016, 32-bit and 64-bit   
`all-ofc` - All Office updates, 32-bit and 64-bit   
`all-ofc-x86` - All Office updates, 32-bit   

**LANGUAGES:**  
`-e LANGUAGE="enu"`  
Multiple languages can be joined to a comma-separated list like "nld,enu".   
`enu deu nld esn fra ptg ptb ita rus plk ell csy dan nor sve fin jpn kor chs cht hun trk ara heb`

**PARAMS:**  
`-includesp`   
Include Service Packs

`-includecpp`   
Include Visual C++ runtime libraries

`-includedotnet`   
Include .NET Frameworks: localized installation files and updates

`-includewddefs`   
Virus definition files for Windows Vista and 7. These virus definition files are only compatible with the original Windows Defender, which was included in Windows Vista and 7.

`-includemsse`   
Microsoft Security Essentials: localized installation files and virus definition updates. Microsoft Security Essentials is an optional installation for Windows Vista and 7.

`-includewddefs8`   
Virus definition files for Windows 8 and higher. These are the same virus definition updates as for Microsoft Security Essentials, but without the localized installers.

**ADVANCED SETTINGS:**   
`-e ISO=no`   
Create an ISO after downloading wsus updates, yes or no.   
Path iso-file: /client/iso 
        
`-e DOWNLOADERS="aria2c wget"`   
Set the search order for the supported download utilities.   
   
**Changelog:**  
Nov 8, 2018 - New: Download utilities - aria2c and wget   
Apr 19, 2018 - Fix: Root problem, credits to [bigwave](https://github.com/bigwave)   
Mar 20, 2018 - New: Create an iso after downloading wsus updates   
Oct 7, 2017 - Multiple fixes   
Aug 4, 2016 - Multiple fixes and simplify things  
Apr 9, 2016 - Temp fix: Hashdeep error wsusoffline 10.6.1   
Apr 7, 2016 - Fix: Timezone   
Apr 6, 2016 - Fix: Cron   
Apr 5, 2016 - Release   
    
**Credits:**   
WSUS Offline Update @ http://wsusoffline.net   
wsusoffline forum-user:  hbuhrmester, cpasqualini

Commit message:

More info added.
More info about: ISO images and msse/wddefs8 updates

README.md, after:

# WSUS Offline Update

Using [WSUS Offline Update](http://wsusoffline.net/), you can update any computer running Microsoft Windows and Office safely, quickly and without an Internet connection (image also available @ [docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline/)).   

<p align="center">
<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline"><img alt="Docker Pulls" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline.svg"/></a>
<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline"><img alt="Docker Stars" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline.svg"/></a>  
<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline"><img alt="Docker Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/build/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline.svg"/></a> 
<a href="https://github.com/R0GGER/docker-wsusoffline"><img alt="GitHub stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/r0gger/docker-wsusoffline.svg?style=social"></a>         
</p>  

-----------
### Auto update
WSUS Offline Update and wsusoffline will be updated on each container start or restart.     

### Usage
By default it runs every 2 days to download updates from Microsoft.     

```
docker create 
        --name=wsusoffline \
        -v [path to updates]:/client \
        -e SYSTEMS="w100-x64" \
        -e OFFICE="o2k16-x64" \
        -e LANGUAGE="enu" \
        -e PARAMS="-includesp -includecpp -includedotnet -includewddefs8" \
        -e ISO=no \
        -e SLEEP=48h \     
        r0gger/docker-wsusoffline
```
### Volumes 
`-v [path to updates]:/client` - Default update folder

### Environment Variables
**SLEEP:**  
`-e SLEEP=48h`    
Example: It runs every 48 hours ("m" for minutes, "h" for hours, or "d" for days).

**SYSTEMS:**  
`-e SYSTEMS="w100-x64"`   
Multiple updates can be joined to a comma-separated list like "w60,w100-x64".   
`w60` - Windows Server 2008, 32-bit  
`w60-x64` - Windows Server 2008, 64-bit  
`w61` - Windows 7, 32-bit  
`w61-x64` - Windows 7 / Server 2008 R2, 64-bit  
`w62-x64` - Windows Server 2012, 64-bit  
`w63` - Windows 8.1, 32-bit  
`w63-x64` - Windows 8.1 / Server 2012 R2, 64-bit  
`w100` - Windows 10, 32-bit  
`w100-x64` - Windows 10 / Server 2016, 64-bit   

`all-win` - All Windows updates, 32-bit and 64-bit   
`all-win-x86` - All Windows updates, 32-bit   
`all-win-x64` - All Windows updates, 64-bit   
`all` - All Windows and Office updates, 32-bit and 64-bit   
`all-x86` - All Windows and Office updates, 32-bit   
`all-x64` - All Windows and Office updates, 64-bit   

**OFFICE:**  
`-e OFFICE="o2k16-x64"`  
Multiple updates can be joined to a comma-separated list like "o2k16,o2k16-x64".   
`o2k7` - Office 2007, 32-bit  
`o2k10` - Office 2010, 32-bit  
`o2k10-x64` - Office 2010, 32-bit and 64-bit  
`o2k13` - Office 2013, 32-bit  
`o2k13-x64` - Office 2013, 32-bit and 64-bit  
`o2k16` - Office 2016, 32-bit  
`o2k16-x64` - Office 2016, 32-bit and 64-bit   
`all-ofc` - All Office updates, 32-bit and 64-bit   
`all-ofc-x86` - All Office updates, 32-bit   

**LANGUAGES:**  
`-e LANGUAGE="enu"`  
Multiple languages can be joined to a comma-separated list like "nld,enu".   
`enu deu nld esn fra ptg ptb ita rus plk ell csy dan nor sve fin jpn kor chs cht hun trk ara heb`

**PARAMS:**  
`-includesp`   
Include Service Packs

`-includecpp`   
Include Visual C++ runtime libraries

`-includedotnet`   
Include .NET Frameworks: localized installation files and updates

`-includewddefs`   
Virus definition files for Windows Vista and 7. These virus definition files are only compatible with the original Windows Defender, which was included in Windows Vista and 7.

`-includemsse`   
Microsoft Security Essentials: localized installation files and virus definition updates. Microsoft Security Essentials is an optional installation for Windows Vista and 7.

`-includewddefs8`   
Virus definition files for Windows 8 and higher. These are the same virus definition updates as for Microsoft Security Essentials, but without the localized installers.   
Therefore, "wddefs8" is a subset of "msse", and you should use -includemsse instead for the internal lists "all" and "all-win".   

**ADVANCED SETTINGS:**   
`-e ISO=no`   
Create an ISO after downloading wsus updates, yes or no.   
Path iso-file: /client/iso   
    
**Please note!**   
Docker-wsusoffline creates an ISO image of the whole client directory which can result in a (very) large ISO-file!   
ISO image - Profile "All" (All Windows and Office updates, 32-bit and 64-bit) = ~100GB   
        
`-e DOWNLOADERS="aria2c wget"`   
Set the search order for the supported download utilities.   
   
**Changelog:**  
Jun 19, 2019 - New: use ISO creation script from wsusoffline  
Nov 8, 2018 - New: Download utilities - aria2c and wget   
Apr 19, 2018 - Fix: Root problem, credits to [bigwave](https://github.com/bigwave)   
Mar 20, 2018 - New: Create an iso after downloading wsus updates   
Oct 7, 2017 - Multiple fixes   
Aug 4, 2016 - Multiple fixes and simplify things  
Apr 9, 2016 - Temp fix: Hashdeep error wsusoffline 10.6.1   
Apr 7, 2016 - Fix: Timezone   
Apr 6, 2016 - Fix: Cron   
Apr 5, 2016 - Release   
    
**Credits:**   
WSUS Offline Update @ http://wsusoffline.net   
wsusoffline forum-user:  hbuhrmester, cpasqualini
